Yes, yes, Xiaoyao also prepared a surprise for you
Let's go back
My little Yao suddenly became the factory manager
What is the second sister Xiaoyao doing now?
How do you know that tiger master?
He can't break the law, can he?
Sister, don't worry.
Xiaoyao, I won't go out for now
He still bought us a villa in Lingling Tiangong
Dingding Tiangong
The most expensive villa area in Lecheng
How much does that cost?
second sister
Do you have a fever and are you talking nonsense?
The eldest sister and the second sister are not wrong.
This is the villa you touched.
It's really a villa in Genting Tiangong
This house is not worth hundreds of thousands
robbery
This is the best villa in Genting Heaven Palace
At least 10 million
10 million
How long does it take to make so much money?